Docs: Add basic Gateway API troubleshooting (#25945)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/servicemesh/gateway-api/mistakes-warning.rst

.. warning::

   Gateway API is a recent addition to Kubernetes, and the Cilium project has not yet received much user feedback.

>    If you encounter an issue that is not yet listed in this section, consider opening a PR to add yours to the list.

Reviewer: Fiddly wording nit for the sake of clarity
```suggestion
   If you encounter an issue that is not yet listed in this section, consider opening a PR to add your issue to the list.
```

>    Gateway API is a recent addition to Kubernetes. As it is not yet widely used we have not yet had a chances to get lots of user feedback.
>    If you ran into an issue which was a mistake and not yet listed here we highly appreciate a PR to add yours to the list!

Reviewer: "We" is unclear, specify as "the Cilium project"; "mistake" is unclear; use present tense; use clear, plain language
```suggestion
   Gateway API is a recent addition to Kubernetes, and the Cilium project has not yet received much user feedback.
   If you encounter an issue that is not yet listed in this section, consider opening a PR to add yours to the list.
```
